The flag is maple{ctr_1s_g00d_bu7_d0n7_r3p347_n0nc35}
Like OFB, counter mode turns a block cipher into a stream cipher. 
It generates the next keystream block by encrypting successive values of a "counter". 
The counter can be any function which produces a sequence which is guaranteed not to 
repeat for a long time, although an actual increment-by-one counter is the simplest 
and most popular. The usage of a simple deterministic input function used to be controversial; 
critics argued that "deliberately exposing a cryptosystem to a known systematic input 
represents an unnecessary risk."[30] However, today CTR mode is widely accepted and any 
problems are considered a weakness of the underlying block cipher, which is expected to 
be secure regardless of systemic bias in its input.[31] Along with CBC, CTR mode is one 
of two block cipher modes recommended by Niels Ferguson and Bruce Schneier.[32]
CTR mode was introduced by Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman in 1979.[31]
CTR mode has similar characteristics to OFB, but also allows a random access property 
during decryption. CTR mode is well suited to operate on a multi-processor machine where 
blocks can be encrypted in parallel. Furthermore, it does not suffer from the short-cycle problem that can affect OFB.[33]
If the IV/nonce is random, then they can be combined with the counter using any invertible operation 
(concatenation, addition, or XOR) to produce the actual unique counter block for encryption. 
In case of a non-random nonce (such as a packet counter), the nonce and counter should be concatenated 
(e.g., storing the nonce in the upper 64 bits and the counter in the lower 64 bits of a 128-bit counter block). 
Simply adding or XORing the nonce and counter into a single value would break the security
under a chosen-plaintext attack in many cases, since the attacker may be able to manipulate 
the entire IV–counter pair to cause a collision. Once an attacker controls the IV–counter pair 
and plaintext, XOR of the ciphertext with the known plaintext would yield a value that, when 
XORed with the ciphertext of the other block sharing the same IV–counter pair, would decrypt that block.[34]
Note that the nonce in this diagram is equivalent to the initialization vector (IV) in the other diagrams. 
However, if the offset/location information is corrupt, it will be impossible to partially recover such data due to the dependence on byte offset.